Look at the modified version of classical Missionaries and Carnivals Problem.

●       A farmer with his wolf, goat, and cabbage come to the edge of a river they wish to cross.
●       There is a boat at the river's edge, but, of course, only the farmer can row.
●       Also, the boat can carry only the two things at a time including the rower.
●       If the wolf is ever left with the goat, the wolf will eat the goat.
●       Similarly, if the goat is left alone with cabbage, the goat will eat the cabbage.
●       Devise a sequence of crossing of the river so that all four characters arrive safely on the other side of the river.

Before today's lab, you have either solved the same problem or some other related searching problems using different graph or tree search algorithms.
Today, you have to use them all (BFS, DFS, DLS, IDS, ILS, and UCS) to solve this problem.

Points to note:

1. For different, DLS and IDS, consider 3 different depths and run with the same configuration.
2. For, ILS and UCS, consider the cost of your choice.
3. Provide necessary inputs to the program. Do not statically mention any of the required parameters to run the setup inside the program.

4. Collect the memory and time requirement for each run of the above algorithms along with different parameters for the same algorithms (e.g., depth).

5. Input, output states and any other parameter required to run the algorithms must be written in a file (a separate file for each of the algorithms to be prepared as separate inputs may be required for running each algorithm). Write the proper documentation of the input file.
6. Intermediate output shall be properly displayed and will be written in a separate output/log file.
7. Compare the time and memory requirements of the algorithms/same algorithms with separate input parameters in a table.
8. Draw any 2 plots to compare the time and memory requirement (2 for each) of the algorithm. Total of 4 plots. (2 different plots for memory requirement and 2 different plots for time requirement)

Things to upload:

1. Downloaded colab .ipynb files
2. All required Input files
3. All generated Output files
4. The complete write-up either in the colab file or in a separate doc file on the process used to solve the problem.
